# Alpha Testing

The alpha test will be open to the public, however it will require you to be familiar with downloading the files directly from the repo instead of getting
a zip file from the downloads section. It's not hard at all, but support related to improperly installing the plugin because you cannot follow the the below instructions
will not be provided.

Once you've downloaded the files from the repo (click Downloads and then either the .tar.gz or the .zip buttons) you need to rename the directory that is inside the zipball/tarball
to `avalanche` before placing it inside your `e107_plugins` directory. Failure to do this will result in the plugin not being recognized by the Plugin Manager.

It should be noted that the plugin is not even close to finished. Many features will be lacking until the plugin goes into the beta phase. When you install this for testing you are just
testing what is there right now. Your suggestions and feature requests are welcome, so long as they are not already planned and mentioned elsewhere. (You can still send the
suggestions and whatnot, but don't expect a reply to them.)

Finally, every commit that is made should be treated as a new plugin entirely. Because of this you should uninstall and reinstall Avalanche to ensure you get any possible
database or preference changes. If you think this is overkill you are welcome to read the actual commits to see if database or preference changes were made. If they weren't
you do not need to un/re-install. **This is here so I don't have to post it every single time I make a database or preference change that requires a reinstall.**

# Modularity

After a few days of thinking I've come to the conclusion that this plugin will be too awesome to just be World of Warcraft only. Due to this revelation I've decided to finish
adding the Review and Management (read the Upcoming Features section for more info on these) potions and then develop a way for people to add in "extra" support for their game
of choice. Now, I know the people that were watching this plugin waiting for the awesome Armory gathering feature are thinking, "uh, wtf?". Rest easy, friends, that is still
coming. It's just going to be implemented differently.

## What Modules will this come with?

Currently, just the World of Warcraft module.

## How will it work?

I'm not willing to discuss that just yet. There's still some ideas I need to iron out first.

## Will this "modularity" slow the development of the plugin?

Absolutly not. I plan on developing the module support *after* the plugin has been put into beta (this is actually partly a lie, I plan on adding in some support for it before this,
but it won't affect the development speed). The modules are just going to be extras (think of modules as plugins and Avalance as e107)
and won't be needed to run the plugin. Avalance will work just fine without any modules enabled.


# Upcoming Features

* Application Review (listing of all applications)
* Application Management (voting, approval of app, denial of app)
* Module Support
* WoW Module

*Listed items are in the order in which they will be completed*


# Known Issues

The following issues are already known, please do not report them:

* No known issues at this time.


# Working As Intended

The follow is a list of things that are working as they are currently designed to work:

* `results.php` is lacking. It is done this way because the file, in it's current form, is mainly for testing to ensure the application data being submitted is actually submitted.